hello cubers and citizens of cyberspace
what I'm going to show you here is how
to loop your cube with this stuff three
and one professional silicon lubricant
made by the same people as wd-40 it's
not wd-40 though so don't get confused
as such I've tried some other lubes I've
tried mineral oil jiggle ooh wd-40 and I
think another light oil in there and if
I none of them really worked as well as
this stuff so this is what i use almost
exclusively i haven't tried any other
silicon lubricant so so if you have crc
or some other stuff it should work just
as well i really never had a cube ever
that didn't respond well after lubing it
with this stuff it's almost always
noticeably smoother and takes much less
much less effort to make turns there's
only like one cube I had that really
didn't respond well that didn't respond
to like any lube it was just crap is
Type B so yeah as for as far as actual
lubricating method goes I'll get to that
in a sec one of the most common ways to
do it is put the little strong and then
pop out an edge of the cube spray a
little lube on the edges and around the
parts you just popped out put the edge
back in and do that for another maybe
three or six edges or three or five so
you have either four or six and then
work the stuff in but that's not the way
I do it I fully disassembled the queue
so I'm going to go ahead and do that and
I'm going to cut and we'll be back when
I have my cube fully disassembled and
lined up and ready to move now as you
can see I have my cube disassembled then
lined up and ready for lube the core I
don't move so I'm just going to put that
aside while I do this as you can see
they're all lined up nicely and I don't
just do that to be neat there's actually
a purpose in that and if you'll notice
the way they're lined up I have for the
edge pieces I above all the stickered
faces down and pointing that way for the
corner pieces I have all the sticker
faces pointing down and mostly forward
and that's how I can spray the lube on
one side and not have to worry about
spraying the lube all
the sticker pieces so I'm going to go
ahead and do that I usually I try not to
press it down full strength and I don't
use this draw either i find i get better
atomization of the spray so it's a nicer
missed without this draw so basically I
come in and I spray as such might have
to move around here so I'll come in and
kind of spray these faces come in from
the other side get the other faces once
from the top and then move on to the
edge pieces I'm going to spray it in
that direction instead of in this manner
so that it doesn't get the front edges
where the stickers are I'll come in here
this is difficult so close to the floor
maybe get a little on top as well and
I'll turn them around and do it for the
other side and there you go that's all
you need to do now you need to let it
dry and the drawing part is very
important the mistake I head and a lot
of other people had when using this lube
is that they sprayed it in and then
expected the liquid to do the work and
it's not the liquid that does it work
don't make that mistake it's not the
liquid you want to let it dry because
it's the thin film of I guess silicon of
these behind that's going to make
everything smooth so I'm actually going
to head to bed and let this dry
overnight that's a way I usually do it
when i move my cubes and then i'll be
back in the morning for the next part
where I put the cube back together so
I'll see you then alright I'm back it's
been about ten hours you don't really
have to leave it for that long a few
hours usually does but I was comfortably
asleep so all the liquid is mostly
evaporated there's still a few drops
left so I'm going to do is a wipe off
just give it each QB a little wipe off
to get rid of that because i like it to
be perfectly dry could probably just put
it back with some liquid in there but
doesn't really matter i also didn't
really explain before why I don't just
pop corners and spray it in and I did
that a few times that I found unless
you're using something to make it dry
faster like a hair dryer it usually
takes a lot longer to dry like if you
just let it air dry at room temperature
UV I found mine took like two or three
days to dry to the level where if the
same level as if I did it this way
instead so that's why I don't just pop
the corners I just do this instead it's
not like I'm in any rush so yeah all i
have to do is wipe this put it back
together and I'm we're good to go so I'm
going to do that
and probably cut is there keep his back
together no particular order though and
nice and smooth could still feel it just
a tad wet but that'll go away in a few
days so it doesn't really matter it's
still really smooth and I like it so
there you go that's how you lube your
cube with the main ones silicon
lubricant hope it helps